In today's competitive society, it is critically important to learn something quickly and deeply, In my opinion, teachers were more respected in the past rather than today. I feel this way for two reasons, which I will explore in the following essay.
To begin with, the Internet is extremely accessible compared to the past, and people could learn from the Internet rather than from a teacher. In addition, learning from a website not only has an economical advantage compared to learning from a tutor but is also very convenient. My personal experience is a compelling example of this, about eight years ago, I had a strong urge to learn English because I want to migrate to Canada. In the beginning, I hired a teacher in order to help me learn English, but soon after, I have to give up not only due to the service was expensive, but more importantly, I already had a job at that time, and I often had a time conflict with the tutor's schedule. Three months later, I found a website called Duolingo which is a website for learning not only English but a lot of languages. And I started learning from that website since then. My example demonstrates how the Internet's accessibility increase eventually leads to teachers' importance decrease.
Secondly, nowadays, AI such as ChatGPT is developing at an extremely rapid pace, and it will replace a lot of jobs including teaching. For instance, I usually face a lot of issues every day at my workplace as an Android developer. Once I encountered a programming problem and I simply copy and paste my program's log into the ChatGPT, and ChatGPT literally explained my log line by line and gave me the solution. And I pasted the code that ChatGPT provided to my program, and my program worked perfectly. I don't think most teachers have the patience to explain a log line by line. 
In conclusion, I strongly believe that teachers are more appreciated in the past compared to today. This is because the Internet has dramatically decreased teachers' importance to students, and today's AI has decreased that importance even more.