Nowadays, some universities are facing dormitory shortages. This is the result of an increase in the number
of students going to colleges. Some claim that staying off campus is better than living on campus in the university.
I disagree with this opinion because statying on campus brings students many benefits, It makes life more convenient,
saves expenses, and provides students an environment suitable for academic studies.

Living on campus makes life more convenient for the students. That's because living on campus allows students to get to
classroom and the library within walking distance. My brother, Jack is an undergraduate. He lives 7 miles from the school
with a boarding family. Everyday when he goes to class and comes home, he has to stand to wait for the bus to arrive.
As a person with many interests, he takes a lot of courses and has to bring his notebooks from home to campus and then
back to home everyday. "It is really tiring," he once told me,"especially on rainy days, when I can't put my bag down and have to stand there waiting for the bus with a heavy bag on my back"
If he had choosen to stay on the campus, he could saved a lot of time and energy.

What's more, living on campus also cut expenses for students. The dormitory is cheaper than renting a house off campus and the food in the school cafeteria
costs less than restaurants outside the university. Students aren't completely economically independant.
For those students who get loans for their educationm, being economical helps students by allowing them to get lower loan.
A high loan during college may end up being a heavy burden after one joins the work force. For those who get the economic support from their parents,
It'll also be nice to be considerate to their parents by saving some money. So it is obvious that living on campus costs less.

Last but not least, living on campus can provide students with an atmosphere more suitable for study. For those who stays off campus, they may have to face a noise neighbor.
And they may have incompatiable time schedule  with their roomate--they don't have any other place to go to,
and may have to finish their assignments while hearing their roomates having a party in the living room. 
However, If students living on campus, they can go to the lab from their dormitory very easily.And they also have access to the school library.
, which is very quiet and comfortable place to do one's studies. What's more, all the other students in the library are also doing their work.
This provides an atmosphere that no rented apartment can offer.

In summary, considering the convenience it brings, the money it saves, and the atmosphere it creates, I agree with the statement that for university students,
living on campus is better than off campus.


Nowadays, some universities are facing dormitory shortages.This is the result of an increase in the number of students going to colleges.
Some claim that staying off campus is better than living on campus in the university. I disagree with this opinion because staying on campus
brings students many benefits, it makes life more convenient, saves expenses, and provides students an environment suitable for academic studies.

Living on campus makes life more convenient for the students, That's because living on campus allows students to get to the classroom and the library within walking distance.
My brother, Jack is an undergraduate. He lives 7 miles from the school with a boarding family. Everyday when he goes to class and comes home, he has to stand to wait for the bus to arrive.
As a person of many interests, he takes a lots of courses and has to bring his notebook from home to campus and then back to home everyday.
"It is really tiring," he once told me, "especially on rainy days, when I can't put my bag down and have to stand there waiting for the bus with a heavy bag on my back."
If he had choosen to stay on the campus, he could saved a lot of time and energy.

what's more, Living on campus also cut expenses for students.the dormitory is cheaper than renting a house off campus and the food in school cafeteria costs less than restaurants outside of the university.
Students aren't completely economically independant. For those students who get loans for their education, being economical helps students by allowing them to get lower loan.
A high loan during college may end up being a heavy burden after one joins work force. For those who get economic support from their parents,
it'll also be nice to be considerate to their parents by saving some money. So it is obvious that living on campus costs less.

Last but not least, living on campus can provide students with an atmosphere more suitable for study.For those who stays off campus,
They may have to face a noisy neighbor. And they may have incompatiable time schedule with their roommate--they don't have any other place to go to,
and may have to finish their assignments while hearing their roommates having a party in the living room.
However, if students live on campus,they can go to the lab very easily. And they also have access to the scholl library,
which is a very quiet and comfortable place to do one's studies. What's more, all the other students in the library are also doing their work.
This provides an atmosphere than no rented apartment can offer.

In summary, considering the convenience it brings, the money it saves, and the atmosphere it creates, I agree with the statements that for university students,
living on campus is better than off campus.





Nowadays, some universities are facing dormitory shortages. This is the result of an increase in the number of students going to colleges.
Some claim that staying off campus is better than living on campus in the university. I disagree with this opinion because staying on campus 
brings students many benefits, it makes life more convenient, saves expenses, and provides students with an environment suitable for academic studies.

Living on campus makes life more convenient for the students. That's because living on campus allows students to get to classroom and the library within walking distance.
My brother, Jack, is an undergraduate. He lives 7 miles from the school with a boarding family. Everyday when he goes to class and comes home, he has to stand to wait the bus to arrive.
As a person of many interests, he takes a lot of courses and has to bring his notebooks from home to campus and then back to home everyday. "It is really tiring," he once told me,
"especially on rainy days, when I can't put my bag down and have to stand there waiting for the bus with a heavy bag on my back." If he had choosen to stay on the campus,
he could saved a lot of time and energy.

What's more, living on campus also cut expenses for students. The dormitory is cheaper than renting a house off campus and the food in the school cafeteria costs less than restaurants outside the university.
Students aren't completely economically independant. For those students who get loans for their education, being economical helps students by allowing them to get lower loan.
A high loan during college may end up being a heavy burden after one join the work force. For those who get economic support from their parents,
 it'll also be nice to be considerate to their parents by saving some money. So it is obvious that living on campus costs less.

Last but not least, living on campus can provide students with an environment more suitable for study.
For those who stays off campus, they may have to face a noisy neighbor. And they may have incompatiable time schedule with their roommate--they don't have any other place to go to,
and may have to finish their assignment while hearing their roommates having a party in the living room.
However if students live on campus, they can go to the lab from their dormitory very easily. And they also have access to the school library,
which is a very quiet and comfortable place to do one's studies. What's more, all the other students in the library are also doing their work.
This provides an atmosphere no rented apartment can offer.

In summary, considering the convenience it brings, the money it saves, and the atmosphere it creates,I agree with the statement that for university students,
living on campus is better than off campus.






























