Work:

lay off:
About two years ago, my company laid off a lot of employees because of its financial crisis, and after that, I lost my job. half year later, my pre-colleague also my friend called me, and he recommend me a company. Later I went to that company, I was surprised that the company has absolutely no work overtime, which is very rare in my country. I know that is because my friend knows me very well, he knows that I never will work for a company that works overtime. And I work at that company very happy every day since then.

Correct a mistake in time:
For example, about eight years ago, when I just went into the workforce, I was so shy to speak publicly. And once we had a meeting about developing a program that uses speak to interact based on the Android system. I as an Android developer, attended the meeting. And they mentioned they want users' speaking can interrupt the program's speaking, which I realized is impossible because our company's Android devices don't have acoustic echo cancellation hardware which is known as AEC hardware. It means when the device is speaking, it must close its audio recording system, because if not, it will record the speaking itself are making. And I was too shy to interrupt at that time, in the end, all the meeting's conclusions are based on our devices having the AEC hardware which they don't have, and this made the meeting meaningless. My example demonstrates how important it is to interrupt and correct mistakes in time.

Work with different tasks:
working with different types of tasks will improve your working capability. My personal experience is a compelling example of this. About eight years ago, when I finally had enough of as a building engineer, I determined to become a programmer, to be specific, an Android developer. Android development is a job that requires a lot of different types of tasks, at first, I didn't know this, and I am tired of having to learn a lot of new things every day as an Android developer. But gradually I started adapting to it and enjoying it, in addition, I learned a lot of things from it. Today, I already am an expert on Android. My example demonstrated how work that contains a lot of different kinds of tasks could improve one person's abilities.

Monotonous work:
work that requires many different kinds of tasks can benefit your mental health and monotonous work will damage your mental health greatly. For instance, about five years ago, my friend also my schoolmate went into a factory and work as an assembly line worker. He once told me that he feels like he is a robot every day just assembling one ugly toy one after another with no thoughts and no emotions, and it is terrible. I feel sorry for him and advised him to learn something and change his job. His example demonstrates how a monotonous job can damage a person's mental health.





Study:

English study:
For example, about five years ago, I had a strong urge to study English, because I want to migrate to Canada. Then I find a tutor from Taobao which is a very well-known e-commerce platform in my country. I regret it later because that teacher's English ability is so bad, he even made several grammar mistakes. I find several other tutors after that, but all of them were not satisfied my requirements. Until one day my old friend called me and recommended me a tutor, that tutor's English is extremely good, and not only that, her teaching ability is also good, I learn English from her since then.

Documentary:
For example, two years ago, I purchased the "Curiosity Stream" service, which is a very well-known documentary website service. Since then I watched a lot of all kinds of documentaries, and I have not only studied a lot of specific subjects knowledge but also I learned English very well through this. This instance demonstrates how documentaries could improve one's ability in varieties things.

Accept with mistakes:
all human beings make mistakes, we shouldn't be embarrassed by them, and we shouldn't hesitate to correct others just because it may be embarrassed them. My personal experience is a compelling example of this. About three years ago, when I was finally aware of this truth, I started speaking English out loudly. And my English speaking skill progressed rapidly since then.

Motivation:
reward-oriented motivations have a severe problem, which is when that reward disappears, the motivation disappears along with it too. There is a story related to this, it says that there is an old man who sleeps every noon, one day a school opened near his house. and the children from that school play football every noon since then. The old man can not fall asleep because of the noise that the children make. And he got an idea, he gives one dollar to each of the children that play football every noon, and tells them that he loves to watch children playing and he will always give them one dollar when they play at the playground. One week later, the children came to play football as usual, but this time, the old man tells them he has no money left to give them, and said he still wants to watch them play even though he has no money. But "unfortunately", those students never come to play football again since then. This story tells us that a reward-oriented motivation can not last long, once its reward disappeared, the motivation disappeared too. And I don't think parents can reward their children for a lifetime long.




Health:

Freeway:
about three years ago, when I traveled to Shanghai with my friend I suddenly got a heart attack and fainted. When I woke up I found I was in a hospital, my friend told me how he bring me here through a new build freeway and my doctor said how dangerous I am when I just got here. It is unimaginable what will happen if that freeway wasn't built at that time.

Losing weight:
About five years ago, I decided to lose weight no matter what, and I planned every detail at that time, I planned everyday food intake and everyday exercise. In the beginning, the plan goes smoothly, but only several days later, I feel hungry and tired, and I can no longer maintain that plan soon I gave up that plan. After that, I planned several lose weight attempts, but all of it was failed. One year ago, I suddenly realized that a strict plan will not work for me, and I simply deduct my food intake every day and don't care how much of it was deducted. Today I already lose 10kg of my body weight.





Relationship:

Freeway:
For example, six years ago when I just went into the workforce, there was only one local train between my hometown and my work city, and that takes me six hours each way. I only reunited with my family once a year at that time. However, about two years ago, a new bullet train line was built by the government, and that makes six hours each way to only two hours each way. Since then, I often go back to my hometown, and this year I've already reunited with my family three times. Without this bullet train, I will not have enough time to travel to my hometown so often.

Freedom:
About fifteen years ago, my father choose my university major by himself, he even didn't bother to ask me if I am interested in civil engineering. Seven years later, when I already worked a job related to civil engineering for four years, I finally had enough of this major, and I make a decision on my own that I want to change my major to computer science. Today, I am already a programmer, and I am very happy with my job every day.

Good company by parents:
My friend's also my schoolmate's experience is a compelling example of this. When he was little, his father always play with him whenever he have the time, they often play LOL and DOTA together. When he grow up he already developed a strong interest in e-sports, and today he already is a member of LDL.

Society:
Early marriage:
in my country parents usually demand their children get married in their twenties, and according to tradition, you must have a house otherwise you have no chance get married if you are a boy. Because of this, many young people in my country have to worry about their heavy mortgages every month. Most of those people are very afraid of losing their jobs, and due to this, they usually have to obey their leaders unconditionally. My colleague's experience is a compelling example of this, he often works until 9:00 pm and works 6 days per week since he purchased his house. He once told me he is so tired every day and regrets obeying his parents' suggestion about getting married at an early age.

Early marriage:
in my country, most people get married in their early twenties required by their parents. They rush to marriage markets just like rush to food markets, they select their partner like they are selecting food with no emotional base but only an economical base. This kind of marriage will not produce happiness but only disaster. For example, about three years ago, my classmate gets married to a girl he only meet less than a month, and only two months later, they get divorced. He once told me he barely know her, and he get married because his parents forced him to.

Early marriage:
In my country's past, young people are forced to get married in their twenties, and this kind of marriage is always unfortunate. For example, about thirty years ago, my friend also my colleague get married at his father's demand. He once told me, he was so regretful to marry his partner,  he felt tired and anxious every day caused of his partner. In addition, when they got married they only know each other for one week. By contrast, nowadays, I barely heard this kind of story ever happen in my country.

Hatred toward Japan:
celebrities such as influencers from Tiktok often give extreme advice just to get attention from people, and sometimes they even give detrimental opinions to people. In my country, there are a lot of so-called patriot influencers, and they often make comments with great bias. For example, they often defame Japan and incite hatred toward the Japanese, as a result, about ten years ago, in my country, a man attacked another man with a U-lock just because that man bought a car made in Japan. This event is very well-known in my country, but those influencers still incite Japan-hatred emotions even today.

Celebrities:
celebrities such as influencers from all kinds of platforms often advise on very specific subjects even though they are not experts in that subject. In addition, their followers usually are not experts either, so they just take the wrong advice with no idea that advice is absolutely wrong. For instance, about four years ago, Bitcoin is a very popular topic, and everyone talks about it, including some celebrities. And since I am a programmer I know a lot of its technical details. I watched a lot of videos that those influencers made, and I found a lot of mistakes they made. I must say they don't even know what a blockchain is but they dare to comment on the Bitcoin topic with a very affirmative attitude.

Hengshui High School:
In my country, there are a lot of these kinds of examples. Hengshui high school is a very well-known school in my country. This school implements military management, and it rigidly regular literally every minute of its students' behaviors, such as when to wake up, when to eat, when to sleep, etc. In addition, in this school, students only have one day off per month. If parents use this one day time off to do things related to schoolwork, needless to say, how much damage this will cause to the students. Unfortunately, this is a reality in my country, and actually, there is a rumor said that about ten students commit suicide in that very school every year.

Utilitarianism:
a reward-oriented education will eventually cultivate utilitarianism, when you reward a child's grade with money, that child will want to do things like study a subject that will be graded, and will not likely study a subject that will not be graded. This is utilitarianism, and utilitarianism is detrimental to our mental health. It will damage our creativity, and make us emotionless. My country's experience is a compelling example of this. In my country, almost everyone is utilitarian, and they often say what is the use if you do something when it can not help you earn more money. Today, my country is the most underdeveloped country in the world. And I think that is because their utilitarianism makes them lack creativity. One country that lacks creativity cannot become a developed country.





Environment:






Technology:

Tutor industry:
the Internet is extremely accessible compared to the past, and people could learn from the Internet rather than from a teacher. In addition, learning from a website not only has an economical advantage compared to learning from a tutor but is also very convenient. My personal experience is a compelling example of this, about eight years ago, I had a strong urge to learn English because I want to migrate to Canada. In the beginning, I hired a teacher in order to help me learn English, but soon after, I have to give up not only due to the service was expensive, but more importantly, I already had a job at that time, and I often had a time conflict with the tutor's schedule. Three months later, I found a website called Duolingo which is a website for learning not only English but a lot of languages. And I started learning from that website since then. My example demonstrates how the Internet's accessibility increase eventually leads to teachers' importance decrease.

Tutor industry:
nowadays, AI such as ChatGPT is developing at an extremely rapid pace, and it will replace a lot of jobs including teaching. For instance, I usually face a lot of issues every day at my workplace as an Android developer. Once I encountered a programming problem and I simply copy and paste my program's log into the ChatGPT, and ChatGPT literally explained my log line by line and gave me the solution. And I pasted the code that ChatGPT provided to my program, and my program worked perfectly. I don't think most teachers have the patience to explain a log line by line. 





Entertainment:

Rigid plan about travel:
about three years ago, my company organized a trip to Shanghai, and the organizer also my colleague organized strictly every detail of the travel. We went to Shanghai, and at every step, we followed his plan strictly. I must say that plan went smoothly, but it was not fun at all. About three months later, I went to Shanghai by myself without any plan. I went to a lot of places accidentally, and I was very happy with that travel.

