It is critically important to be true to yourself regardless of what country you are in or what time you are in. In my opinion, When a teacher or a meeting leader says something wrong, we should interrupt and correct the mistake right away. I feel this way for two reasons, which I will explore in the following essay.
To begin with, a mistake will lead to another mistake if you leave it instead to correct it, it will become farther and farther from the truth. For example, about eight years ago, when I just went into the workforce, I was so shy to speak publicly. And once we had a meeting about developing a program that uses speak to interact based on the Android system. I as an Android developer, attended the meeting. And they mentioned they want users' speaking can interrupt the program's speaking, which I realized is impossible because our company's Android devices don't have acoustic echo cancellation hardware which is known as AEC hardware. It means when the device is speaking, it must close its audio recording system, because if not, it will record the speaking itself are making. And I was too shy to interrupt at that time, in the end, all the meeting's conclusions are based on our devices having the AEC hardware which they don't have, and this made the meeting meaningless. My example demonstrates how important it is to interrupt and correct mistakes in time.
Secondly, all human beings make mistakes, we shouldn't be embarrassed by them, and we shouldn't hesitate to correct others just because it may be embarrassed them. My personal experience is a compelling example of this. About three years ago, when I was finally aware of this truth, I started speaking English out loudly. And my English speaking skill progressed rapidly since then.
In conclusion, I strongly believe that we should interrupt and correct the mistake right away when a teacher or a meeting leader is saying something wrong. This is because a mistake will lead to another mistake, and we shouldn't feel ashamed of making mistakes.