In today's competitive society, a lot of parents reward their children's good grade or mark with money. In my opinion, parents shouldn't use the money to reward their children's high grades. I feel this way for two reasons, which I will explore in the following essay.
To begin with, reward-oriented motivations have a severe problem, which is when that reward disappears, the motivation disappears along with it too. There is a story related to this, it says that there is an old man who sleeps every noon, one day a school opened near his house. and the children from that school play football every noon since then. The old man can not fall asleep because of the noise that the children make. And he got an idea, he gives one dollar to each of the children that play football every noon, and tells them that he loves to watch children playing and he will always give them one dollar when they play at the playground. One week later, the children came to play football as usual, but this time, the old man tells them he has no money left to give them, and said he still wants to watch them play even though he has no money. But "unfortunately", those students never come to play football again since then. This story tells us that a reward-oriented motivation can not last long, once its reward disappeared, the motivation disappeared too. And I don't think parents can reward their children for a lifetime long.
Secondly, a reward-oriented education will eventually cultivate utilitarianism, when you reward a child's grade with money, that child will want to do things like study a subject that will be graded, and will not likely study a subject that will not be graded. This is utilitarianism, and utilitarianism is detrimental to our mental health. It will damage our creativity, and make us emotionless. My country's experience is a compelling example of this. In my country, almost everyone is utilitarian, and they often say what is the use if you do something when it can not help you earn more money. Today, my country is the most underdeveloped country in the world. And I think that is because their utilitarianism makes them lack creativity. One country that lacks creativity cannot become a developed country.
In conclusion, I strongly believe that parents shouldn't reward their children's grades with money. This is because reward-oriented motivations can not last long, and a reward-oriented education will lead to students' utilitarianism.